README.md, before:

What was the inspiration for the game?
-The inspiration of the game was from the game "Menja" that can be found here https://codepen.io/MillerTime/pen/BexBbE

How do you play the game?
-The way that you play the game is essentially you attempt to click on the white square as many times as you can before the timer runs out.

What were the main technologies used to build the game?
-The main technologies I used were functions in my index.js file (and also called upon within the index.html file). The addToScore function adds a point to your score each time that you click on the white square image. The second function I used was for the timer called decreaseTimer. Essentially, I created a timer to countdown from 20 seconds to 0 seconds. Once the timer reached 0, I display text stating that the time is up and I make the white square image disapper.

What changes will I add to approve the game?
-I plan to improve this game by adding a navigation bar that includes the option to start the game, start the game at a more challenging level, or to view the statistics of who has achieved the top 3 highest scores. When you click to play the game, that is when the game will acutally start and the timer will begin to countdown. The more challenging level will include clicking on an object that is moving at a faster pace.

Commit message:

Updated the README file with the deployed app site

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Webgame

## A web game built entirely with vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS

Click <a href="https://main.d2tgw1k41cylr3.amplifyapp.com/">here</a> for a live version of the app!

### What was the inspiration for the game?
-The inspiration of the game was from the game "Menja" that can be found <a href="https://codepen.io/MillerTime/pen/BexBbE">here</a>

### How do you play the game?
-The way that you play the game is essentially you attempt to click on the white square as many times as you can before the timer runs out.

### What were the main technologies used to build the game?
-The main technologies I used were functions in my index.js file (and also called upon within the index.html file). The addToScore function adds a point to your score each time that you click on the white square image. The second function I used was for the timer called decreaseTimer. Essentially, I created a timer to countdown from 20 seconds to 0 seconds. Once the timer reached 0, I display text stating that the time is up and I make the white square image disapper.

### What changes will I add to approve the game?
-I plan to improve this game by adding a navigation bar that includes the option to start the game, start the game at a more challenging level, or to view the statistics of who has achieved the top 3 highest scores. When you click to play the game, that is when the game will acutally start and the timer will begin to countdown. The more challenging level will include clicking on an object that is moving at a faster pace.
